world is welcome on my youtube channel
anyway I'm a beginner
my name is mariners I'm ten years old I
I am very fond of words style I love it
and I have three but little by little
will have more and more worry
I know how that does not make much
but and in this video I will share
my most beautiful discoveries
t I will show my memories my dolls
I was at the team amazed and I
will show for example what I did
on the door things like that to
the help of my sister and ben things
like that so see this video
I will introduce you to my latest
so I have basic club deal
claudine 7600 who is not in his
stopped will help you that he will have
jerks and so box and I loved to
sell the pack very correct so to
now i'm going to say ah i'll say
is that they way you buzz on
Youtube
the youtube and scenic ship and the
content if you see this video of a bath
I love you too much too much
video
he has you do them very well so here
he will begin to present their
deal is 1600 with her brown hair
dark and wicks how is it called
ankle gait or the ex here I am
know that it 's held to dracula because
that me and my girlfriend were lent
thought to this man to
shoe she wants to become tied to the pit
stern
she is beautiful here I forgot about you
to present without a saint is important
as well
pink lipstick kiev here we go
to pass who will have this charisma
hear two minutes I teach them
I scored here so and so with
Saffron jealousy that makes a loop and
to his makeup you see of course
always in the pink theme the ears
of vampires his mission task of course
so the clothes the tee shirt
there by cons I have not changed there is
that skirt that I changed because the
real skirt she makes you strong and because
that my dollhouse so here it's
the skirt that drake will have supported 10 years
these exchanges and claudine I changed the
dress with talma yard juice
besides beautiful sum up too much and
cloud where she tore up hi it's going
I miss it marked the recovery so
really favorite this christmas gift
now you know her here
with his fur know this is
really sweet as early rapper
angry find his necklace I know he
missing a necklace I did not lose
he is in the house in his room
in his bag I will not lose well
are deprived of their country with their eyes
a pair of violet or its color
favorite is the waist shirt
as soon as one removes diamonds turns
never when she has heavy
the skirt so it's here that tore
but it's not if you see
here is the purple skirt with saint-mesmin
put a comment if you
remember this material I do
remember more because that's where I know
he also misses his knees wars
past the colon which I did not want to
so now I'm going to
show what we did on the door
with my sister it was she who had the idea
not always good ideas like that
so it's very beautiful it's like that
it's a star of the year that now
proud of claudia box
toys to cut out the box
claudine like that to the heart I mean
the bio is full of stickers in
in one in a trick are finally games
wooden box 12th goitia sako 71st
there are five friends we were too good
this is the end of the
video
remember to subscribe if you liked
do not put any bad comments ally
mcbeal and and tell me what you in
have thought and told me what's wrong
and do not forget if you know you
do not have to put it one if
you know it's starting to do
here and if you want I show you
my room put the thing
comment so here it is selfish